Feature/readme windows (#40)
hitobito/development: README.md

```

&ast;Note: by adding the -h option, you get some good information about what the script is able to do further.

## Windows preparation
The suggested approach for Hitobito development on Windows uses VSCode. VSCode provides extensions for integration of Docker and WSL 2. The next steps will prepare Windows for WSL 2, Docker and VSCode.

### WSL 2

Install WSL 2 with Ubuntu using PowerShell.
```bash
wsl --install
```
Consider a look at _[Install Linux on Windows with WSL][wsl_install]_ for troubleshooting.

Open _Ubuntu_ using the Start menu.
An Ubuntu terminal opens.

You will be prompted to specify user name and password. Then, update and upgrade packages.
```terminal
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade
```
⚡ Don't close the Ubuntu terminal yet.

[wsl_install]: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install

### Docker

Download and install [Docker Desktop][docker_desktop].
The installation will promt you to enable WSL 2.

Open _Docker Desktop_ using the Start menu. 
Select Settings > Generals and enable the _Use WSL 2 based engine_.

Return to the Ubuntu terminal and confirm the installation.
```terminal
docker --version
```

> Version and build informations should appear. That's it, terminate Ubuntu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version and build information should appear. That's it, terminate Ubuntu.
```

```terminal
exit
```

See _[Get started with Docker remote containers on WSL 2][docker_install]_ for a more detailed description.

[docker_desktop]: https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/wsl/#download
[docker_install]: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/wsl-containers

### VSCode

Download and install [VSCode][vs_code].

Open _VSCode_ using the Start menu.

Search for and install the following extensions:
- Remote - WSL (Microsoft)
- Dev Containers (Microsoft)
- Docker (Microsoft)

:bulb: You will find the _Extensions_ menu on the left.

Start a remote Ubuntu session by clicking on the buttom left corner which should be highlighted in green, and select _New WSL window_.

A new VSCode instance opens with remote Ubuntu enabled.

> Confirm the buttom left corner highlighted in green and indicating the Ubuntu session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirm the button in the bottom left corner highlighted in green and indicating the Ubuntu session.
```
